Add md documentation for the graalvm native image support (#259)
avaje/avaje-config: graalvm-native-image.md

# GraalVM Native Image

avaje-config has built-in support for GraalVM native image. No additional dependencies

> or configuration files are required — everything is bundled in the jar.

Reviewer: It can be AI but let's not make it too obvious
```suggestion
Avaje config has built-in support for GraalVM native image. No additional dependencies
or configuration files should be required.
```

```xml
<profiles>
  <profile>
    <id>native</id>
    <build>
      <plugins>
        <plugin>
          <groupId>org.graalvm.buildtools</groupId>
          <artifactId>native-maven-plugin</artifactId>
          <version>0.9.27</version>
          <executions>
            <execution>
              <id>build-native</id>
              <goals><goal>build</goal></goals>
              <phase>package</phase>
              <configuration>
                <buildArgs>
                  <buildArg>--no-fallback</buildArg>
                </buildArgs>
              </configuration>
            </execution>
          </executions>
        </plugin>
      </plugins>
    </build>
  </profile>
</profiles>
```

Then build with:

```shell
mvn package -Pnative
```

## Profiles

Profiles work as normal in native image. Activate a profile at runtime by passing the
`avaje.profiles` system property to the native executable:

```shell
./target/my-app -Davaje.profiles=prod
```

This causes avaje-config to load `application.properties` first, then merge
`application-prod.properties` (or `.yaml`/`.yml`) on top. Multiple profiles are
comma-separated:

```shell
./target/my-app -Davaje.profiles=prod,eu-west

> ```

Reviewer: Is there really a need to rehash how profiles work?

Reviewer 2: Nah, I'll remove that bit, plus remove the "Building a native image" section

## Custom resource file names

If you load configuration from non-standard file names (e.g. `my-service.yaml`), you
must register those as resources in your own native-image configuration so the compiler
includes them:

```
src/main/resources/META-INF/native-image/<groupId>/<artifactId>/resource-config.json
```

```json
{
  "resources": [
    { "pattern": "my-service.*yaml" }
  ]
}
```

The standard `application.*` patterns are already covered by avaje-config itself.

## Verification

The avaje-config CI runs a native image build test on every scheduled build:

> [![native image build](https://github.com/avaje/avaje-config/actions/workflows/native-image.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/avaje/avaje-config/actions/workflows/native-image.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Unneeded
